At the top of the military “command structure” in Joseph Heller’s
Catch-22 is a feud between General Peckem and General Dreedle.

The U.S.O. troupes were sent by General P. P. Peckem, who had moved his
headquarters up to Rome and had nothing better to do while he schemed
against General Dreedle….He was a prick, and no one knew this better
than General Dreedle, who was incensed by General Peckem's recent
directive requiring all tents in the Mediterranean theater of operations
to be pitched along parallel lines with entrances facing back proudly
toward the Washington Monument. To General Dreedle, who ran a fighting
outfit, it seemed a lot of crap. Furthermore, it was none of General
Peckem's goddam business how the tents in General Dreedle's wing were
pitched. There then followed a hectic jurisdictional dispute between
these overlords that was decided in General Dreedle's favor by ex-P.F.C.
Wintergreen, mail clerk at Twenty-seventh Air Force Headquarters.
Wintergreen determined the outcome by throwing all communications from
General Peckem into the wastebasket. He found them too prolix. General
Dreedle's views, expressed in less pretentious literary style, pleased
ex-P.F.C. Wintergreen and were sped along by him in zealous observance
of regulations. General Dreedle was victorious by default.

General Peckem lifted a wooden pointer and swept the rubber tip
cheerfully across Italy from one coast to the other. 'These,
Scheisskopf, are the Germans. They're dug into these mountains very
solidly in the Gothic Line and won't be pushed out till late next
spring, although that isn't going to stop those clods we have in charge
from trying. That gives us in Special Services almost nine months to
achieve our objective. And that objective is to capture every bomber
group in the U.S. Air Force. After all,' said General Peckem with his
low, well-modulated chuckle, 'if dropping bombs on the enemy isn't a
special service, I wonder what in the world is. Don't you agree?'
Colonel Scheisskopf gave no indication that he did agree, but General
Peckem was already too entranced with his own loquacity to notice. 'Our
position right now is excellent. Reinforcements like yourself keep
arriving, and we have more than enough time to plan our entire strategy
carefully. Our immediate goal,' he said, 'is right here.' And General
Peckem swung his pointer south to the island of Pianosa and tapped it
significantly upon a large word that had been lettered on there with
black grease pencil. The word was DREEDLE.

Colonel Scheisskopf, squinting, moved very close to the map, and for the
first time since he entered the room a light of comprehension shed a dim
glow over his stolid face. 'I think I understand,' he exclaimed. 'Yes, I
know I understand. Our first job is to capture Dreedle away from the
enemy. Right?'

General Peckem laughed benignly. 'No, Scheisskopf. Dreedle's on our
side, and Dreedle is the enemy. General Dreedle commands four bomb
groups that we simply must capture in order to continue our offensive.
Conquering General Dreedle will give us the aircraft and vital bases we
need to carry our operations into other areas. And that battle, by the
way, is just about won.'
